docs: A one-liner about how Cube is packaged (#6606)
cube-js/cube: docs/content/Getting-Started/Overview.mdx

isDisableFeedbackBlock: false
---

> Cube is a cloud-native application, designed to run as a set of containers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cube is a cloud-native application, packaged and distributed as Docker images and designed to run in a containerized environment.
```

WDYT?

Reviewer: Could maybe add a link to https://docs.docker.com/get-started/overview/#images

Author: Sounds great!

> Cube is a cloud-native application, packaged and distributed as Docker images and designed to run in a containerized environment.

Reviewer: Could maybe also add a link to https://docs.docker.com/get-started/overview/#images?

Author: I suggest we omit this link here but maybe add it later to the Architecture page. Would be strange if we link to Docker's website first thing in Getting started.

Reviewer: Fair enough 😀
